# StartHub-Social-Network
Social, education, productivity and job apps are usually not combined in one app. You have to use bunch of different social, productivity and educational apps to stay in touch and improve your life in all aspects. But, that’s a waste of time. Having that in mind, we created StartHub, one type of social fusion, the next generation social network to meet with users based on user type and grow as a community. It’s an app that tends to satisfy all possible needs of the community.

StartHub is a social network where users can create an account based on user type such as student, employer, professor, etc. They can do shopping, take low cost online courses, form social groups, use the forum, post and view jobs and message other members or send friend request. At its core this is a social and community app, but this app wants to improve the lives of the community through offering ways to earn, organize, be more productive and social.

Yes there are social networks that enable you to chat, create groups, use forums, post or view jobs and message members, but StartHub is an all-in-one social network with so many social, career and educational features and tools. It’s great for advancing in all means and ways in your life and career.

StartHub is a place where social meets community and career. When you create your profile, just pick your user type. If you are student, pick student because the app will need this data to show you more relevant content. Also, when you contact or get contacted by other users, they will know in what stage of life you are in. In that way you can make important and meaningful conversations, get interviewed, sell stuff, answer to job postings or create job postings yourself.

We created StartHub so you can have everything social in one app. Everything you may need is located in one, light, user-friendly and smooth app. Just create user and start creating communities, become influencer, learn, post or apply for jobs, improve your productivity, send greeting cards, make connections and chat with different users around the globe. Simply, make use of StarHub - social, education, productivity and career all-in-one app.
